Ask learner to create PR manually and add `permissions` (#36)
skills/hello-github-actions: README.md

- `name: Post welcome comment` gives your workflow a name. This name appears on any pull request or in the Actions tab of your repository.
- `on: pull_request: types: [opened]` indicates that your workflow will execute anytime a pull request opens in your repository.

> - `permissions` is used to assign the workflow permissions to operate on the repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `permissions` assigns the workflow permissions to operate on the repository
```
